# Abstract

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;While the awareness of food insecurity in the United States has been on the rise, current evidence suggests that there are still regions where food insecurity persists. An example of this is Crawford County, Pennsylvania. According to the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), Pennsylvania fell beneath the 11.2% national average of food insecurity households from 2020 - 2022, with 10.1% of all households being food insecure. However, not every county was keeping the state from breaching the national average. In 2021, Crawford County ranked eleven out of sixty-seven counties in PA for having high food insecurity. 9,830 people (11.8% of the population) were food insecure, according to Feeding America. By the end of 2023, 9,898 people (12% of the population) will be food insecure, according to County Health Rankings and Roadmaps. This conveys that although PA as a whole has relatively low food insecurity (falling beneath the national average), there are still counties within the state that are continuing to suffer. Soon, counties such as Crawford may continue to rise in food insecurity percentages and cause PA to be pushed over the national average. In an attempt to educate policymakers and food-insecure audiences, the Crawford County Food Insecurity Dashboard (CCFID) will provide various avenues of displaying geospatial data visuals and analyses. This includes interactive graphs and charts, an interactive food map, and a food resource radius locator. Specifically, these will display data such as food resources, food deserts, and census tract data. The CCFA serves as a starting point to spread awareness of the continuous increase in food insecurity to keep PA from reaching the national average, and aid in discovering what variables are being affected the most.
